Title: Bandit Level4 -> Level5

Challenge: The password for the next level is stored in the only human-readable file in the inhere directory.

Tools Used: ls , cd , cat , file , du , find

Solution: For this Challenge It took me some time to findout the solution so heres the following steps to perform it.

1.Connect to the level using the password obtained from the previous level 
2.Change your directory to the 'inhere' directory using the cd command.
3.list out the files in the current working directory using the 'ls' command.
4.Now you will be able to see around 9 files, the confusing part is how to display the content?
5.To display the content I've simple cat command but it wasn't able to find the file (due to the - in the prefix of the file name it takes as an argument hence throwing the error.
6.Now the actual way to display the content is to recall the trick from level 2 in that way we can display the file content one by one (cat <-file07) or do this (cat ./-file07)
7.There might be other ways to display the content of the files but I found this way to access it.
8.Save the password and to use it for the next level

Password for the next level:4oQYVPkxZOOEOO5pTW81FB8j8lxXGUQw

ON TO THE NEXT LEVEL.

Solution2 Credits to MayaDevBe Blog

1.Now after searching on the internet I found another solution now all credits goes to MayaDevBe for finding a the Solution.(Link to the website will be at the end)

2.Now it explained in phenomenal way for solving the problem along with the explanation now lets further a do lets see the following steps.

3.After connecting the level and changing to the inhere directory.

4.The Blog explained of using a wild card with the file command like this (file ./*)
{ The command structure is file <filename>. Instead of using a filename, we use a wildcard to get the type for all the files. Additionally, looking at the file names, specifically at the fact, the names start with ‘-’, gives us problems. Therefore we use the same method as in Level 2.}

5.This will display all the files with the particular file format (Which is in ASCII format)

6.Then use the "cat" command to display the password and move on to the next level.

Notes: 
I learned how to use find with -exec for more advanced file filtering.

Thanks to maybeadev for guiding concepts — I made sure to adapt and understand everything independently before writing this up.

*Thank you MayaDevBe for providing a splendid way to solve this level*
https://mayadevbe.me/posts/overthewire/bandit/level5/
